Hi.
We didn't this lecture we going to finalize our app by displaying the image name and the job of the
chosen Simpson.
In the details we have comptroller.
So we already have our views defined in here like image you you name labels job label.
We are going to need as Simpson object in this class.
Right.
And the Simpson object will come from the main view controller so we can easily create our Simpson object
right now in here and we can try to display the related value using related views.
So let's say this is going to be a selected Simpson and this will be as Simpson type.
I will later on get this value from real controller dot swift using prepare for Segway function as we
did before.
And in here I'm going to go over and say that name label dot tax is going to be selected Simpson Dot's
name.
So this is going to take the selected Simpson dot name.
So if I do can't control beads will give me an error saying that this has no initialize or and I cannot
go for an initializing kind of thing in here like this because it will ask me for some parameters.
All right.
So I cannot construct a Simpson object in here simply because I don't know the values I cannot do it
like this without giving any parameters.
So this is kind of tricky rather than doing this I'm going to go over and say this is going to be a
Simpson type but it's going to be optional at this point.
I don't know whether it's going to be here or not but in real life of course it's going to be there
because I'm going to pass that information from view controller and if I do this optional this won't
be an issue on this I give an optional value to here as well.
So rather than saying name they will dot taxes selected Simpson that name.
I'm going to say selected Simpson optional dot name.
And since I'm going to pass this information as I said before this won't create any issue for me and
this is much safer.
So again job labeled up tax is selected seems some optional dot job ands image view again.
So image you use dot image.
So this is going to be selected Simpson that image these are all options.
So that's great.
We're done.
And as you can see when you work with the models when you work with that class it's much clear what
you're trying to do right.
We're displaying the name job and image Sheen here as much more structural much more clear code.
So how we gonna get the selected Simpson be equal to this chosen Simpson in the table view in the weave
controller dot Swift the same way as before regarding to use prepay for Segway we going to use our firm
Segway and we're going to use the old Segway related functions.
OK.
So first of all let me call this did select throw.
Remember this is the function that gets cold when somebody clicks one of the items on the table for
you.
So I'm going to create a Segway here rather not create.
Actually I'm going to perform a Segway here.
So say two details we see.
So that was our Segway identify right.
Let me check.
So let me go over here.
Yep.
Two details V.C..
This has to be exactly the same.
So make sure that you're writing the same thing.
And here I'm going to use no sender.
And before we do that of course once somebody clicks one of the items we're going to make sure that
we're getting that number we're getting the index of the clicked Simpson chosen Simpson and we're assigning
this to be a variable so that we can use it on our p paid for Segway function.
So I'm going to say chosen Simpson my Simpsons and indexed path Doctorow.
So this will give me the selected Simpson over here.
Right.
So I can come over to my prepared for Segway function and use these variable so that's it for.
Did select Roe and let's go over here to another function to create another function as they prepare
for Segway.
So what do we do here.
First we check if these Segway that we're talking about is the same Segway that we want to commit all
of these operations.
So I'm going to say if Segway Dot's identifier is really the two details we see and then this app again
we only have one Segway but it's kind of important to get this habit of checking this identifier because
you're going to have a lot of SIG ways in your apps later on.
So we're going to have to take this chosen Simpson and pass his information to our second view controller
again in order to do that.
We cannot define those Simpson in here because we want to take the selected Simpson and make this equal
to chosen Simpson.
So let's adjust is a little bit let's first create the destination view controller.
OK.
So destination we see is going to be Segway.
That destination.
And remember we have to first cast this as details we see.
OK.
And now I if I do comment be I can't reach the details we these attributes and properties.
So let me go over here and do comment B and say details we see or destination we see sorry destination
we see dot image view.
Job label we have seen all the views here and what we want is the selected Simpson I'm going to make
the Z call to chosen Simpson and as I said before we cannot do that over here.
We have to define this in our class but outside of this function because I cannot simply come over here
and say chosen Simpson It is not in the scope we have gone over this several times.
So let me delete this and go over to the top here.
Let me create a new variable called chosen Simpson.
And this is going to be a Simpson.
And again if I open this parentheses it will ask me for some parameters.
I don't want that I'm going to do the exact same thing as before I am going to say that this is going
to be a Simpson type.
OK.
It will give me an error.
So I'm going to make this optional.
So I have I chosen Simpson of variable and it's an optional Simpson type.
So here as you can see now I have this I can go over here as say chosen Simpson my Simpson's array index
path.
That's row.
So this is now OK.
It should be working once I come over here as a chosen Simpson.
That's great.
Now we can test is actually we're done with our app.
We have written so many codes during this building process.
And let's test them all.
So click on Homer.
Here we go Homer Simpson nuclear safety.
Let's go for March.
Marge Simpson housewife.
So let's go for Bart Bart Simpson students.
So this looks good right.
Lisa student and that's test for Maggie.
Maggie Simpson baby.
So this is great.
This is what we had in mind when we first started this project.
Again you have learned a lot during this section you have learned what it feels to be working with object
oriented programming with classes with models.
So you have created your own class in which you define your own attributes.
With some initial ideas and you created your Simpson objects you set up your table view you connected
those arrays with table we use and you displayed older later to the information in a structural manner.
So far so good I hope you enjoyed this section.
So we're going to stop here and we're going to continue within the next section.